[DOC-12610]: document `nprobe` tweaking (#281)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/vector-search/pages/run-vector-search-ui.adoc

[abstract]
{description}

> For more information about how the Search Service scores documents in search results, see xref:fts:fts-scoring.adoc[Scoring for Search Queries].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how the Search Service scores documents in search results, see xref:search:run-searches.adoc#scoring[Scoring for Search Queries].
```

Wrong link. Please don't link to old search doc.
